docs: sem-rel / soak testing ADRs (#1033)
defenseunicorns/pepr: adr/0009-e2e-testing.md

# 9. End-to-end (E2E) Testing

Date: 2023-11-02

## Status

Superceded by [12. E2E Testing](./0012-e2e-testing.md)

## Context

Pepr's feature set has expanded beyond what is easily held in-mind.  

Additionally, its method for (partially) describing supported functionality -- a single, templatized, uber-capability called "hello-pepr" -- is showing its age. Designed primarly as a combined introduction & demonstration tool, hello-pepr has gotten unwieldy from aggregating examples in an ad-hoc manner. This makes it difficult to scan for known-included examples and tricky to know where to place new ones (or how comprehensive to make them).

> Pair that with Pepr moving out of proof-of-concept status and it becomes obvious that we need a better way to test the _whole_ of its featureset -- ideally something that is easier to examine, maintain, and parallelize the execution of.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pair that with Pepr moving out of proof-of-concept status and it becomes obvious that we need a better way to test the _whole_ of its feature set -- ideally something that is easier to examine, maintain, and parallelize the execution of.
```

Is this supposed to be one word or two?

Author: Noice catch. :+1:
